Revered audience
Federal Chancellor
protect those
I turn in my distress to replace her pharmacist
what do these want?
though men had
in the halter belt on the right the mobile phone on the left hand of the laptop suitcase
we have a lot of it created
never something never provokes
created a value the barren capital life
they buy from the money
that others give them papers and play with it
hag
that it's worth more next week
when yesterday
the lift from Sinn results in talk of rearing
Management is like leaning up and down a chain of body
shakes down
welfare state
Jobs are a brake on returns
but not to
but if it jams you play the well-known pieces
how expensive is paid policy
until the magic
the stocks are worth more than before
how can you get the papers No more 14
together she found what she has
what's the name of
more value and what does more win
why does such a thing gain more meaning?
I never go to logic here at work
These very special specialists have the super fast
accounting analysts know that no one else knows
Let's take a look at the bar
they allow me to laugh Olpe sda ​​the president falls in the far east
the Dow Jones into the deep hole
and vice versa the Nikkei
rise right judge they would have the best one high
the stockbrokers
a poker table invites Neubauer
The staff will also be present
a playground without children but with a return save place
Rothen stock exchanges jump from value so high up through the courses
and squeal commissioning system Reisch
Elger message possible case and from it to 2
you play with our existence
with our life
You pretend that nothing would stand then you would always look everywhere
have a job is still there
and when the state crumbles
made on too much potchefstroom
who is especially loudly adorned with the annual report facto
the value as daily or even high in the plus notes again they would have been
that's true they have not merged today
What is such a kind of capital?
has so much money to do
is there any property there probably nobody owns?
Polis can be possession is not possession of anyone just obsession and nothing
wins more value
Added value is only on paper and discuss
loses the right
on the equivalent in matters
Sophie owned as all the Chosen Nolan simulate left before the comma
can not exist in our world
Life itself funny to the world of things and fantasy crumbles
breaks into insignificance to dispose of us
so the man himself conducts the brew from the sweetest of his
individual parts
dismounted
is already dead at the age of 8 and lives he even dies
He sees Sven at all
a steep from the big worlds mosaic of the incredible whole only a cinema
tiny piece
the soon an army of digital prophecy the red as bass open to it
stretched
to buy the real and real capital
to destroy
the sense-giving overview
even second place is there
could not guess
which huge amount we report today
and we have our politics
to fear the bare necessities even in a makeshift manner